Deprecate swift.sourcekit-lsp.serverPath setting (#777)
swift-server/vscode-swift: CONTRIBUTING.md

- From VSCode, by selecting "Extension Tests" in the Run and Debug activity.
- Using `npm run test` from the command line (when VS Code is not running, or you'll get an error)

## sourcekit-lsp

> The VSCode extension for Swift relies on Apple's [sourcekit-lsp](https://github.com/apple/sourcekit-lsp) for syntax highlighting, enumerating tests, and more. If you want to test the extension with a different version of the sourcekit-lsp you can set the `swift.sourcekit-lsp.serverPath` setting to point to your sourcekit-lsp binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VSCode extension for Swift relies on Apple's [sourcekit-lsp](https://github.com/apple/sourcekit-lsp) for syntax highlighting, enumerating tests, and more. If you want to test the extension with a different version of the sourcekit-lsp you can add a `swift.sourcekit-lsp.serverPath` entry in your local `settings.xml` to point to your sourcekit-lsp binary. The setting is no longer visible in the UI because it has been deprecated.
```

> The VSCode extension for Swift relies on Apple's [sourcekit-lsp](https://github.com/apple/sourcekit-lsp) for syntax highlighting, enumerating tests, and more. If you want to test the extension with a different version of the sourcekit-lsp you can add a `swift.sourcekit-lsp.serverPath` entry in your local `settings.xml` to point to your sourcekit-lsp binary. The setting is no longer visible in the UI because it has been deprecated.

Author: ```suggestion
The VSCode extension for Swift relies on Apple's [sourcekit-lsp](https://github.com/apple/sourcekit-lsp) for syntax highlighting, enumerating tests, and more. If you want to test the extension with a different version of the sourcekit-lsp you can add a `swift.sourcekit-lsp.serverPath` entry in your local `settings.json` to point to your sourcekit-lsp binary. The setting is no longer visible in the UI because it has been deprecated.
```
